welcome to the BB dish today I wanted to
tell you about and kind of review
perfume subscription boxes and I'll be
reviewing the one that I'm actually
subscribed to which is affect piece so
this is not a sponsored video at all I
have no relationship with this company I
found out about it on the Glamour
magazine Beauty blog some time back in
November they wrote a little blurb about
it and I asked for it for Christmas so
my husband got me a six month
subscription to all effect piece and
I've really been enjoying it I mentioned
it in my like what I got for Christmas
haul and I said that once I received it
for a little while I would kind of do a
review and let you know my thoughts and
so far I've gotten three little perfumes
subscription boxes from them the
December January and February yeah
that's right and let me kind of tell you
how it works old fat teeth works pretty
much like all the other beauty
subscription services that you might be
familiar with like itse or glossy box
you subscribe and it costs if you go
monthly and you can cancel anytime going
monthly it costs $18 a month for a
six-month deal is only 16 dollars a
month they give you a little break and
you know you sign up to get it for six
months if you do it for three months its
$17 per month if you do it for twelve
months its $15 per month so they do give
you those options and it can be as low
as 15 per month so every month and they
say they mail at the 1st of the month or
you know if that's a Sunday they're
gonna mail on the second ok whatever
no and I have gotten my boxes promptly
you know within that first week of the
month so they mail it out and what you
get is this really nice box that has you
know this cool like pull open situation
and inside they give you a little card
that says what the theme of the month is
and every month they on their website
you know I've been reading
reading up on it they say they put a lot
of work into coming up with a theme yes
they make sure that all the fragrances
are different enough so that they
contribute something completely
different to the concept for that month
so this is the January box and the theme
was winters cocoon so you know they tell
you all the notes of the perfumes for
each one they tell you the perfumer or
the perfume house that created it and on
the back they you know write a little
blurb about the theme and you know I
enjoy that I think that's really fun and
it's you know it gives you perfumes that
are sort of seasonally and seasonally
appropriate really so the perfumes
themselves old fact teeth really makes
an emphasis on Miche perfumes in fact
they say that is what we're sending you
we're sending you nice perfumes and on
their websites they just define that as
things that can't be found in any
department store and so they're harder
to find and they're harder to discover
so the idea is that you're discovering
perfumes that not everyone on the street
is going to be wearing and that would
actually be hard to discover if you
weren't a perfume insider in each box
you get three perfume samples and at
first I was kind of wondering if this
was worth it like you get free for a few
samples all the time you know with every
likes before our order if you want to or
you know you can pick them up at a
department store counter whatever but
these are larger sizes each sample is
2.25 milliliters according to the
website and even though it does look a
lot like the standard perking sample I
have sample of Marc Jacobs honey right
here and you can see that this vial is
kind of larger and fatter and to be
specific the Marc Jacobs has oh I just
thought 1.2 milliliters of product and
this is 2.25 so these are deluxe perfume
sample sizes and they say that these
three should be enough perfume for you
to wear everyday for a month so you'll
have your perfume supply for the month
you know if you want to just wear these
three samples exclusively the other
thing with all fatties is that
regardless of which subscription you
sign up for every month you get an $18
credit if you choose to buy one of the
three featured perfumes so you can go
and buy it through their website and
whatever the price of the bottle is
you'll get $18 off of that now they do
have perfumes available from past months
going back like quite a few months so
you can buy any of those perfumes they
featured but you can only use you credit
during the months of the perfumes so I
would have had to if I wanted one of
these I would have had to buy it during
January to save the $18 I think it goes
without saying that it's fun to get a
box of you know new and exciting
perfumes in the mail every month but is
this really worth it is it something you
should consider and I am NOT a perfume
junkie I never was but I have kind of
just become one and the old Fox TV
subscription has been a huge factor I
have in the past like in the past 10
years I've bought one full-size perfume
actually it was a gift I asked for and
it was Burberry Brit and I've just I've
used that and I've used now I'm probably
back in the day I used to wear poison
Christian Dior I bet I like that and
that's when I worked at a department
store and got a discount but anyways I
would just get by on samples and we all
like I said have a ton of samples so is
there a reason to do a subscription like
this and I think there is because I've
learned a lot you know on their website
they have information about the creator
of the perfume they talk more about the
specific perfume you can you know finds
the creator's websites and see why they
how they came up with that month's
collection they actually do post
information and interviews on their blog
and it will affect each comm and I find
all that stuff really fun and it's kind
of opened up the new world for me um the
other thing that they say about nice
perfume is that the creators aren't
bound by the need to to to cater to the
mass-market you know
can give their employers what they want
that will sell like hotcakes and Macy's
and that's a certain kind of product
there's nothing wrong with it per se
there are wonderful classic perfumes
that are in the mass market but the
niche ones can be a lot more specific or
more cerebral or they can be a little
weird basically and I think that's
really cool now as for the individual
perfumes that I've got what do I think
of them I am such a perfume novice that
it's hard for me to say but I have liked
them and there was there was one that I
didn't particularly care for but I was
like that is just weird and it's not
that it smelled bad it was just so
different and to me the weirdness wasn't
an appealing weirdness that's all I can
say real issue with the olfactory
perfumes is I guess the price they're
not it's not that they're all expensive
like if you wanted to go and buy a full
bottle so they really range in price I
think one of the ones I got the full one
was sixty you know and that's not that's
kind of low actually there was one in a
subscription and I think my December
that I loved it was called Black Angel
by Mark Buxton and when I went to see
the full price of the bottle it was 195
which to me that just seems like a
fortune to pay and then I realized it
was a hundred milliliter size which is
over three ounces so it's a big big
bottle and I I almost don't want to buy
a bottle that large because I want it
you know use a lot of different perfumes
and I would just never go through that
size bottle so but that's the only size
that came in and I even looked you know
further in the internet and that is the
only size if you want to buy this
perfume so it's not ol Fatty's fault but
sometimes the sizes will be 50
milliliters sometimes 75 milliliters and
those are going to be cheaper but if the
one you want only comes with 100
milliliters it's more expensive but
that's also the most expensive one that
I've seen them offers so for some people
195 is is not a nun reason
mount for a perfume I don't know but the
price definitely does range so I mean
I'm not saying this as a con um you know
first pros vs. cons I'm just kind of
telling you you know the the perfumes
that they have aren't mass-market they
the it's the size it's 100 milliliters
that's the size and so if you want it
you'll have to pay for it but there are
definitely you know affordable options
that I've loved as well before I finish
up real briefly I just want to mention
the only other perfume subscription
service that I know of and this was also
in that glamour blog post it's called
bergamot and I believe it's been around
longer than old fact 'if i'm old fact is
i think less than a year old i believe
and they're actually based in chicago
which i did not know but bergamot is
very very similar
but as i've gone through their website
there's a couple things I wanted to
point out they they're 18 a months if
you just want the monthly cancel anytime
plan but if you do the story I'm looking
at it right now if you were on the six
month plan it's only 14 a month so my
six month plan came out 216 a month so
you'll save a few dollars
like I haven't gotten bergamot but what
I've been seeing is that their perfumes
that they offer are kind of wildly
different like they they're not strictly
niche like I saw a toca perfume on their
site from the recent selections and a
lot of them a lot of the full sizes you
know it's the same deal you can go and
you can buy a full size but their full
size is maybe a 10 milliliter bottle and
I looked at one it was like 10
milliliters for $48 and there were a lot
of instances of that and so I'm assuming
they're doing smaller sizes because a
full-size is is really expensive so
these are very high-end perfumes and so
you might see that as a huge Pro you can
try out high-end perfumes and get a
small size that's affordable you know
that could be a really good thing for
you like I said some of them are not
nice perfumes per se but you know
they're not you know like they're not
poison either that you could buy and at
any store
so that's bergamot I just
to tell you about it and I'll have the
links to both of these places below so
perfume subscription boxes let me know
if you guys have heard of these or if
you've tried it I totally recommend it
um like I said not a perfume girl but I
am now and I have had a lot of fun
trying these things out oh also bergamot
says their samples are two milliliters
as opposed to the 2.25 for a mold fact
efj so there you go
and yeah I still haven't bought a
full-size for mold fact eath but I'm
like really like I don't know this month
I got some really good ones
so I've been thinking about that but if
you have any questions for me please
leave them in the comments and I will do
my best to help you out but that is all
and thank you so much for watching and
have a wonderful day